
Pen-like devices (Sniffin' Sticks; Burghart Gmbh, Germany) were filled with 7 mL of each diluted solution and coded with a three-digit number.


The proteins were purified to >95% by HPLC using a Vydac® reverse phase HPLC C4 Mass Spec 214MS54 column (Grace Silica GmbH, Düren, Germany).

NMR data acquisition

The mutants of ubiquitin samples were prepared for NMR experiments by subsequent dialysis against 50 mM sodium phosphate buffer at pH 5.8 (90% H 2 O, 10% D 2 O).


RNA Extraction and Real Time RT-PCR Screening of the Samples

In the laboratory, the samples were vortex-mixed and centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 10 min following which 140 ml of supernatant was used for the extraction of viral RNA using commercially available QIAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit (Qiagen GmbH, Hilden, Germany) as per the manufacturer's instructions.


Transwells were mounted with DAPI fluorescent mounting media (Vector Laboratories Ltd., Peterborough, UK) and left overnight at 4°C before analysis using a spinning disk confocal microscope with Volocity software (Version 5.5, PerkinElmer, Cambridge, UK).


., USA), 1% Penicillin-Streptomycin (PAA, Laboratories GmbH, Austria) and 1% Amphotericin B (PAA, Laboratories GmbH, Austria). The cells were maintained at 37 °C in 95% relative humidified atmosphere containing 5% CO 2 .


A Nikon Ti-E microscope Nikon Instruments Europe B.V., Amstelveen, The Netherlands, equipped with an APO-TIRFM lens 60, numerical aperture of 1.49 with oil immersion, working distance of 0.12 mm, and refractive index of immersion oil of 1.51 was used along with a TIRFM laser beam position manipulator controlled using the "NIKON TI CONTROL" software.


Samples from liver, kidney, gills, head kidney, skin, adipose tissue, heart and dorsal fin were sliced and immediately placed in RNAlater (Qiagen GmbH, Hilden, Germany), following the supplier's protocol. Animals for the stocking density experiment were bred in a recirculation system with brackish water in the Institute for Fisheries in Born, Germany.


Fungal genomic DNA was isolated as described by Cenis (1992) and plasmid DNA was isolated using a plasmid DNA preparation kit (Qiagen GmbH, Hilden, Germany). Fungal genomic DNA and lambda DNA was transferred to Amersham Hybond-N + filters (GE Healthcare Limited, Freiburg, Germany) after digestion with restriction enzymes and size separation on a 1% agarose gel according to Sambrook and associates (1989).


Each time, the wooden cylinders were presented to the investigators in randomized order based on a random treatment allocation plan generated before initiation of the trial by using the random number function of Excel (Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Deutschland GmbH, Munich, Germany). The investigators were divided into 2 groups.


Surgical Results

All patients had a TMD as described by Regan et aP and Rosenthal et al,'"* using 30° optics (Karl Storz GmbH & Co., Tuttlingen, Germany) and a pneumatic arm holding the endoscope (Geyser S.A., Coudes, France).


Finally, NR was extracted from the lysosomes using 400 μL of an extraction solution (1% v/v acetic acid and 50% v/v ethanol) and gently shaken on a horizontal shaker (TiMix 2, Johanna Otto GmbH, Hechingen, Germany) for 10 min. NR fluorescence was measured at excitation/emission wavelengths of 530/645 nm using the same plate reader.


The oil and aqueous phases were then mixed together 108 with an UltraTurrax ® T25 homogeniser (IKA ® -Werke GmbH & Co. KG, Germany). In order to 109 avoid bias the order of preparation of the batches was random. 110

Droplet size analysis 111

The emulsions were analyzed for droplet size using an optical microscope equipped with an USB 112 video camera (Bresser, Germany).


Data Coding

Visual attention to the video during the learning phase and the recognition memory tests was analyzed using SMI BeGaze software (SensoMotoric Instruments GmbH, Germany). In the current literature, there is no standard definition for fixations, which have been defined as anywhere between 50 and 250 ms (for discussion, see Holmqvist et al., 2011).


Physiological experiments were performed in 50 ml minimal medium (pH 5.2) containing 1.6 g l -1 NH 4 Cl, 0.5 g l -1 KH 2 PO 4 , 0.2 g l -1 MgSO 4 , 0.17 g l -1 FeSO 4 and 20 g l -1 of varying carbon sources such as xylan from birch wood (Carl Roth GmbH, Germany), glucose and xylose in 500 ml Erlenmeyer flasks at 28°C and 150 rpm.


The total crude fat in MPI was determined from freeze-dried MPI by extracting approximately 1.0 g of the dry MPI with 20 mL of petroleum ether for 4 h using a Soxtec 1043 extraction unit (Tecator AB, Höganäs, Sweden). After extraction, the solvent was evaporated at 21 °C in a fume hood.


BSEP antibodies were raised in the rabbit and generated by the antibody generation group at AstraZeneca Ltd., UK (antibody clone H3310) and used at a dilution of 1:50.


Nodules and other major cell aggregates were visualized as dark spots before a clear background using an electronic camera system (Phase GmbH, Lübeck, Germany) operating at maximum contrast. Spot staining was quantified using Gel-Pro Analyzer 3.1 software (Media Cybernetics, Silver Spring, MD, USA).


Spatial co-ordinates for the determination of kinematic data were collected using an ultrasound-based zebris CMS-HS system (ZEBRIS, Medizintechnik GmbH, Germany). The measuring heads were positioned behind the individual (Fig. 1).


Gas concentration (SF 6 and CH 4 ) in breath and ambient air was determined using a gas chromatograph (CP-9003, Varian-Chrompack, Les Ulis, France) fitted with an electron capture detector (Autosystem XL, Perkin Elmer Instruments, Courtaboeuf, France) equipped with a Molecular Sieve 0.5-nm column (3 m × 3.2 mm i.d; Interchim, Montluçon, France) maintained at 50°C for SF 6 , or fitted with a flame-ionization detector and equipped with a Porapak N 80-100 mesh column (3 m × 3.2 mm i.d.; Alltech France SARL, Templemars, France) maintained at 40°C for CH 4 . The flow rate of the carrier gas was 30 mL/min of N 2 for SF 6 and 40 mL/min of helium for CH 4 .


Due to technical faults we lost or disregarded as evident outliers the measurements of 

PTR-ToF-MS Analysis

Measurements were performed with a commercial PTR-ToF 8000  instrument (Ionicon Analytik GmbH, Innsbruck, Austria) with the Time of Flight analyser operated in V mode.

