
PUK27 nOctUria WOrK PrOdUctivity and activity imPairment cOmPared tO Other cOmmOn chrOnic diseases: a systematic revieW



Miller PS 1 , Andersson FL 2 1 MILLER ECONOMICS LTD., Alderley Edge, UK, 2 Ferring Pharmaceuticals A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark

Objectives: Nocturia is defined by the International Continence Society as the need to void one or more times during the night, with each of the voids preceded and followed by sleep.


Nutritional protocol

All infants were fed with their own mothers' milk or donated human milk, fortified with 5% FM 85 (Nestlé, Munich, Germany), or preterm formula (Humana 0, Humana GmbH, Herford, Germany). Parenteral nutrition was started in infants b 1000 g on day 3 with aminoacids, lipids (Aminopäd 10%, Intralipid 20%, Baxter, Erlangen, Germany) trace elements and vitamins (Peditrace, Soluvit N, Vitintra, Pharmacia-Upjohn GmbH, Erlangen, Germany).


Husbandry and apparent metabolisable energy determination

Ross 308 female chickens were obtained from a commercial hatchery (Grampian Ltd, Whitburn, UK) at 1-d-old and were placed in a single floor pen at 32 C.


DNA was extracted by the method of Reguant and Bordons (2003) and 16S rDNA gene was amplified in a thermocycler (Techne LTD, Cambridge, UK) using the primers FD1 (5 0 CAACAGAGTTTGATCCTGGCTCAG 3 0 ) and RD1 (5 0 GCTTAAGGAGGTGATCCAGCC 3 0 ) designed by Weisburg et al. (1991).


Protein extraction and Western blot

The VP was homogenized using a Micro Dismembrator (B. Braun Biotech International GmbH, Melsungen, Germany) at 2000 rpm for 45 sec. Tissues were then added to an adequate amount of lysis buffer containing either 0.5% Nonidet P-40 (NP-40; mice tissues), 0.5% NaDOC, 0.1% SDS, 50 mm Tris-HCl (pH 7.5), 150 mm NaCl, 1 mm EDTA (pH 8.0), 1 mm NaF, and Complete Protease Inhibitor Cocktail (Roche Molecular Biochemicals, Mannheim, Germany), or alternatively, 7 m urea (rat tissues), 2 m thio-urea, 4% 3-[(3-cholamidopropyl)dimethylammonio]-1propanesulfonate, and 30 mm Tris (pH 8.5).


Laser Doppler perfusion imaging

Skin microvascular perfusion was measured at the drug delivery site using a laser Doppler imager (MoorLDI, Moor Instruments Ltd, Devon, UK). A 2 mW helium-neon laser scans the surface of the skin, and light back-scattered from moving erythrocytes is

F.


The average size and size distribution of the dry nanoparticles were determined by measuring the diameter of more than 100 particles with the image analysis software AnalySIS Auto (Soft Imaging System GmbH, Germany). Hydrodynamic diameter and size distribution of the nanoparticles dispersed in an aqueous phase were measured using a particle analyzer, model NANOPHOX (Sympatec GmbH, Germany).


Lowary (University of Alberta). L7, MW 707.63 Da) were purchased from IsoSep AB (Sweden). The structure of each ligand is shown in Figure S1 in the Supporting Information.


Half of each supernatant was incubated overnight at 378C with an equal volume of pH 4.5 buffer (0.2 M sodium acetate) in the presence of 10 U almond b-glucosidase EC 3.2.1.21 (NBS Biologicals Ltd., Huntingdon, UK). The two sample fractions were each partitioned at pH 2 against an equal volume of ethylacetate, which was back washed against H 2 O and then reduced to dryness by rotary evaporation at 258C.


Cells were counted on a semi automated microcell counter (F-800; Sysmex GmbH, Norderstedt, Germany) using the instructions of the manufacturer.


PGFE

PFGE was performed using the previously described protocol for Salmonella [7,37] with modifications: Strains were cultured overnight at 30°C on R1-agar and suspended in CBS-buffer (100 mM Tris:100 MM EDTA, pH 8.0) to a final turbidity of 0.38-0.39 at A 480 . Lysozyme (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany) was added to the 400 μl bacterial suspensions to reach a final concentration of 1 mg/ml.


In this context, consideration could probably be given to meeting the needs of patient subpopulations with a particular disease modality that is best treated by inhalation, as has begun recently with a range of different jet nebulizers designed with features specifically for use by infants, toddlers and preschool children (LC ® -Sprint, PARI GmbH, Germany) . Efforts are also continuing to develop marketable inhaled insulin for systemic delivery by inhalation despite the failure of Exubera in 2007 , and the use of the lungs as a gateway organ for delivery to targets elsewhere in the body will probably continue .


Each reaction consists of 2 µl template DNA, 0.5 µl of each primers at 25 µM, 1.25 µl of dNTP (BIORON GmbH, Germany) at 5 mM, 0.5U Taq DNA polymerase (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany) and 5 µl 10× PCR buffer.


All the blood pressure measurements were undertaken with an automatic oscillometric blood pressure recorder (Dinamap, Critikon Ltd, Ascot, UK). The resting blood pressure was measured three times at 1-min intervals from the right arm after the patient had been seated for at least 5 min.


Airflows were set to 700 l/min and 250 l/min in the larger and the smaller chambers, respectively (Promethion FG 1000 and FG 250 flow generators; Sable Systems Europe GmbH, Berlin, Germany). Chambers were operated under negative pressure (−60 Pa) compared with ambient air pressure.


The crystalline status was determined using the Di erential Scanning Calorimeter (TA 8500, Mettler Toledo GmbH, Gieû en, Germany). Approximately 15 mg of the samples were weighted in small aluminium pans and heated from 258C to 858C with a scan rate of 5 K/min.


., Alken, Belgium) and loaded into the freeze dryer (Model Lyovac GT4, GEA Lyophil GmbH, Hürth, Germany). Vials were frozen to −35°C in 2 h. Primary drying (50 h) was started at a shelf temperature of −35°C and a chamber pressure of 0.4 mbar.


Additionally, for  blocking of the binding of antibodies to the Fc receptors, the FcR Blocking Reagent (human from Miltenyi Biotec GmbH, Germany), in dilution 1:100, for 10 min at +4 °C, was used on all studied sections.


To apply uniaxial strain to the protein film, one T-piece is connected to a piezoelectric motor unit (IW-801, Inchworm single axis, EXFO Burleigh, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada) equipped with an integral encoder stage (TSE-150, Exfo Burleigh) attached to an incremental linear encoder (EXE 650B, Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH, Traunreut, Germany). The absolute accuracy of stage and encoder is 1 µm.


Confocal laser scanning microscopic imaging was performed using a Leica confocal microscope (TCSSPE, Leica Microsystems CMS GmbH, Mannheim, Germany).

Statistical assay

Student's t-test and Fisher's exact test were used for statistical analysis.

